README.md, before:

# DoggoDec17
## About Project:
Reiteration of [DoggoDec16](https://github.com/mittons/DoggoDec16) and [DoggoDisplay01](https://github.com/mittons/DoggoDisplay01). Done mostly to practice individual code elements, syntax, larger patterns and understanding of the functional elements of both fine-grained operations as well higher level interactions between components.

Most of it was written from memory and understanding. A few small bits were copied directly from either of the projects mentioned.

Uses data from [TheDogApi.com](https://thedogapi.com/).

Uses [DoggoDec17](https://github.com/mittons/DoggoDec17) as a mock image for testing.

## Started On:
:calendar: December 17, 2023 *(AUTO-GENERATED)* :calendar:

## Reflections:
Managed to finish this within the day this time around !! ^.^

If I am gonna publish projects at some frequency then I should probably create a separate account for one-off skill considation/refining project like this,[MockDogApiDec16](https://github.com/mittons/MockDogApi16), [DoggoDec16](https://github.com/mittons/DoggoDec16) and [MockDogApiDec17](https://github.com/mittons/MockDogApiDec17).

## Notable (Milestone) Resources Created:
- Skill consolidation.

## Acknowledgements
- **The Dog API:** This application uses data from [The Dog API](https://www.thedogapi.com). I route the traffic through my own private backend proxy in order to secure my user key for the API, in line with the [The Dog API TOS](https://thedogapi.com/terms).

- **ChatGPT:** Powered by OpenAI, specifically ChatGPT-4. Files in this project vary from between being Content that is completely AI generated to being completely human-generated. The term Content, and other relevant definitions, can be observed on [The OpenAI TOS page](https://openai.com/policies/terms-of-use#using-our-services).

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT LICENSE](LICENSE) - see the file for details.

While my project incorporates the work of others through third-party dependencies, I have not included a detailed `THIRD_PARTY_LICENSES` file at this time. I am deeply committed to respecting intellectual property, honoring the licensing requirements of all dependencies, and declaring an express desire to acknowledge all contributions while repsecting, and not limiting, those who choose not to be acknowledged.

Should you have any inquiries or suggestions regarding third-party attributions, or if there's a specific attribution you believe requires immediate attention, please do not hesitate to contact me at axel@axelgauti.is. I promise to address all such communications promptly, providing either a resolution or a commitment to resolve the matter within a reasonable timeframe, subject to my availability and capacity to respond.

This commitment is part of my broader ethical stance on promoting attribution transparently and fairly, without prejudging the worth of contributions based on past or potential acknowledgments. I welcome your feedback and suggestions on how I can improve my practices in this area.

Commit message:

Updated README.md with link to third party license page for the version deployed on GitHub Pages.

README.md, after:

# DoggoDec17
## About Project:
Reiteration of [DoggoDec16](https://github.com/mittons/DoggoDec16) and [DoggoDisplay01](https://github.com/mittons/DoggoDisplay01). Done mostly to practice individual code elements, syntax, larger patterns and understanding of the functional elements of both fine-grained operations as well higher level interactions between components.

Most of it was written from memory and understanding. A few small bits were copied directly from either of the projects mentioned.

Uses data from [TheDogApi.com](https://thedogapi.com/).

Uses [DoggoDec17](https://github.com/mittons/DoggoDec17) as a mock image for testing.

## Started On:
:calendar: December 17, 2023 *(AUTO-GENERATED)* :calendar:

## Reflections:
Managed to finish this within the day this time around !! ^.^

If I am gonna publish projects at some frequency then I should probably create a separate account for one-off skill considation/refining project like this,[MockDogApiDec16](https://github.com/mittons/MockDogApi16), [DoggoDec16](https://github.com/mittons/DoggoDec16) and [MockDogApiDec17](https://github.com/mittons/MockDogApiDec17).

## Notable (Milestone) Resources Created:
- Skill consolidation.

## Acknowledgements
- **The Dog API:** This application uses data from [The Dog API](https://www.thedogapi.com). I route the traffic through my own private backend proxy in order to secure my user key for the API, in line with the [The Dog API TOS](https://thedogapi.com/terms).

- **ChatGPT:** Powered by OpenAI, specifically ChatGPT-4. Files in this project vary from between being Content that is completely AI generated to being completely human-generated. The term Content, and other relevant definitions, can be observed on [The OpenAI TOS page](https://openai.com/policies/terms-of-use#using-our-services).

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT LICENSE](LICENSE) - see the file for details.

Licenses used in the compiled version of this repository deployed to GitHub Pages can be seen at [The Licences Page](https://mittons.github.io/DoggoDec17/LICENCE.html) deployed on this repositoires GitHub Pages portal.

While my project incorporates the work of others through third-party dependencies, I have not included a detailed `THIRD_PARTY_LICENSES` file for this source code repository at current time. I am deeply committed to respecting intellectual property, honoring the licensing requirements of all dependencies, and declaring an express desire to acknowledge all contributions while repsecting, and not limiting, those who choose not to be acknowledged.

Should you have any inquiries or suggestions regarding third-party attributions, or if there's a specific attribution you believe requires immediate attention, please do not hesitate to contact me at axel@axelgauti.is. I promise to address all such communications promptly, providing either a resolution or a commitment to resolve the matter within a reasonable timeframe, subject to my availability and capacity to respond.

This commitment is part of my broader ethical stance on promoting attribution transparently and fairly, without prejudging the worth of contributions based on past or potential acknowledgments. I welcome your feedback and suggestions on how I can improve my practices in this area.
